1. Edit `package.json` to add you project's name

   `package.json`

   ```json
   {
     "name": "[project name]",
     ...
     "author": "[your name]"
   }
   ```

2. Edit `index.html` to add your projects name

   ```html
   ...
   <head>
     ...
     <title>[project name]</title>
   </head>
   ...
   ```

3. Start a new git repository and make an initial commit

   ```
   git init
   git add . && git commit -m "Initial commit"
   ```

4. Install the dependencies

   ```
   npm install
   ```

5. Run **Webpack** in **Development** mode and start coding!

```
npm start
```

### Production

6. Run **Webpack** in **Production** mode.

```
npm run build

```

\*\*\* AFter this step npm will add a dist folder
\*\*\* You can open your index.html in live server

### Deploy to Github Pages

Deploy your code to **Github Pages**: this script creates a 'gh-pages' branch and serves the production bundle to this branch. For this to work, make sure you already have a remote repo on github.

```
npm run deploy
```

## Project Structure

Any project created with this boilerplate will follow the structure below:

```
Project
│   README.md
│   package.json
|   package-lock.json
│   webpack.config.js
└───src
│   │   index.html
│   └───scripts
│   |   └───index.js
│   └───styles
│   |   └───main.scss
|   └───images
|   └───fonts
└───dist
```

### `README.md`

In order async function to work on webpack (because normally webpack is promised based) you have to add:
In webpack config file => entry: ['babel-polyfill', './src/scripts/index.js'],
In package json add those two => "babel-plugin-transform-async-to-generator": "^6.5.0",
=> "babel-polyfill": "^6.5.0",
Then make npm install and npm start again

### `images` and `fonts`

To include images in your scripts or styles, place your image files in the `images` folder, and simply import them into your script:

```javascript
import cutePuppyJpeg from "../images/cute-puppy.jpg";

const someImage = document.createElement("img");

someImage.src = cutePuppyJpeg;
```

**OR** to include them in your style:

```css
.cute-puppy {
  background-image: url("../images/cute-puppy.jpg");
}
```

> _**NOTE**_: Don't forget to replace the cute puppy with the actual name of the image you are trying to add.

The `fonts` folder should include any custom font files you would like to add to your project. To use the font simply import it into your `main.scss` file.

### `dist`

The `dist` folder will be automatically generated by webpack whenever your run the build script:

```bash
npm run build
```

This folder will contain your built project, ready to be deployed online.
